OK.
So when buildon were press themes it is really important we consider non English speakers who may be
using morphemes.
So this section is all Bob.
Parents were fine and provide the ability for people to translate the theme into two different languages.
So now most of us don't have the ability to fully translate the film ourselves.
However what we can do is develop whole field so we can be easily translated by others or in other words
make or Feme translation ready.
And this process is known as internationalisation and is also another term that you may come across
call localization.
I will look at this more in the next video.
This is the process of actually translate in the words in the theme.
But in this video which you can look at the actual preparation or the internationalisation to actually
make an offering translation ready it's not as difficult as it may sound.
There's a few steps you need to take such as adding a function to all functions file create new languages
folder to store all the translations in.
And we also need to look through our Feme templates to let WordPress know which words we'd like to make
available for translation.
So to get started over to the text editor or actually go over to the themes folder.
So go into the tranquil WP for the.
Then when I add one new folder and call it languages.
And then we need to go into the functions file and link this in the VM set up so over to the functions
of P HP.
I would add this would in the tranquil WP set up function so right at the top when it uses function
load theme text demesne.
And then the brackets.
And if you remember the text main We said that in the style dotsie says in the comment are the very
top.
So we need to make this the same as the text main which you put in there.
So we can copy it up.
Then back into the functions.
The first prometa would in the quotations is the text main.
And then when it's put inside the file path to our languages folder we just created so separate by a
comma get template our actory.
Then the brackets and only to conquer up on to the end.
The languages folder.
So within the template directories.
This spot the right.
So within the template directory we then have the languages folder Susie was lush and then languages.
And then that would a semicolon.
OK so now the next step is to locate any techs or strings which you want to make.
Translatable in this video would just be concentrate on the text strings.
But in the next video I'll take a look how to translate function calls.
So for now let's start by going into the four or four page aliona stuff from the top.
So I'll start with the four or four.
So need to identify any text strings.
So in the four or four page so the top will echo to the browser some text.
So want to make this available for translation.
So the way to do that is just after the text out a comma.
And simply between quotations paste in the text domain of trunk called w.p. and then saved up and then
down to the archives page.
We need to look at any text rings.
So skogland Down there's an echo function so willing to translate this text.
So again would you separate the text would a comma and then in the quotations put in the text the main
So word press can identify it.
And that should be off and I will look at the functions in the next video.
So save that and then moving down to the comments.
So because this is zy Commons file for the 2014 thing I'm going to use a search and replace.
So he can see that some of the functions that are already there includes the 2014 text domain.
So we need to replace all of these.
So I will go through and do those individually or do a search and replace.
So in brackets you've got to find replace and look for the word 2014 and replace that weird tranquil
w.p. or your text main and it Buch.
So there's eight matches in there and replace and then saved up.
So the next one is the content hyphen facilities.
So we need to do the links for this page.
So at the minute we just plain text for the four links so we want to change that to be.
AP HP akol function so start with the P HP tags.
No use each shot and which is the underscore and then e and then surrounds the text in the brackets
on the quotation with the semicolon at the end showing a two.
And so now we've got the texturing use the comma to separate that and then put in the text domain.
So just to speed this process up and showing a copy of this and then moved down to spa facilities.
And replace the head and make up.
With the spa facilities text.
So base day in and get to close appear to be tags off.
Just to.
So copy that.
And then next we've got the lakeside retreat.
So again copy the text and replace barfs solis's with the lakeside retreat text.
And they would do the same for the very last link.
So could that text and paste the last one into there.
And that's the last one.
So again because we've got the text the main immediately following the string.
Wordpress knows it want to translate this.
I will show you how to do that in the next video.
So save that file and we'll move on to the footer doppie HP OK.
All star with the level 2 heading at the top of.
Keep in touch.
So the need to transform this to a eco soul patch be an easy shorthand underscore easy.
And then the text in brackets.
And also put this in single quotes.
And then straight after the string put in the text amoun.
So tranquil w.p..
And then after the brackets some école on and then close off the P HP.
So just a couple more to do on this page.
The first one is the fourways text.
So we should be getting the hang of it now.
So happy HP and then echo and then surround the string in the brackets.
Get the quotes separated by a comma paste in the text the main trunk called wpe.
The semicolon and close off.
And then in the foot section there's the tranquil a name at the very bottom.
So I did copy the e p p.
Just to speed that up.
And then in the place of the tranquil spa text peyster in.
And then changed back the text at trunkless bar.
And then say that all the text for the footer area.
So after the footer it's the front page.
So from the top we need to change the level to head in.
So I'm going to paste in the page B.
Gotcha tidies up a little bit and indent and then copy the cut out the title and replace the following
section and say that stitch copy this again and then scroll and down the page for more strings.
We need to do the same with the latest offers.
So we do exactly same as before but it could old at this level to head home and paste this in.
No keep going on the page so scroll on further down.
The next one is the level two hidden again.
I'll shop online.
So put this out and add this to the.
String.
And then it's gone down a little bit further.
We've got the shop here text which is part of the button.
So again Jason the pitch ping.
And change a text to be shop here.
There we go.
So hit Save and we'll keep moving on page so we don't need to do anything in functions.
So next it's The headed up his HP and a dolphin is anything we Action needs change in the header.
So when the title which is dynamic.
We've got the navigation menu at the top but all the page names are pulled in dynamically.
So they'll be set to whatever the language the user preferred anyway.
So keep going down.
So not as an off interchange in the header.
So next is the index page.
So scroll down take a look for any eckle functions.
So we've got the category the so straight after the cusi rename put in the text domain of tranquil WP.
And then keep going forward on the page.
There's also the read more text.
So exactly the same in that trunk will wpe.
And that's it for the next page.
So next we've got the page about.
So we've got the Bowles level to head in.
In fact consider making these translatable will actually make it dynamic or change up to the underscore
title.
RS We do want some of the sections.
So that's fine to leave as it is.
So we've got the the main paragraph of the about is taxed.
So I'm going to leave this section because this would probably be better as a custom field to allow
the user to type in that information.
So I will just save this one for now and take a look at the page from contact.
So we've got the title already in there.
Anything that's actually okay to leave that's not going to change on there.
So down to the news page.
Let's take a look for any strings to translate.
So but the category so change up to have the text imane in the trunk called w.p..
Again the same as index page will do the same for the read more text.
So tranquil w.p..
The pager the older a new post election the translate to.
But we'll do that in the next video on a slightly different way so we can just leave the news page for
now.
So down to the page top hat be so our basic page damply.
We've got the equal fortuner.
So when I add the text made straight after the trenkle w.p. and don't forget to say that.
And then next after the page is the search template.
So take a scroll down.
And again we've got the category.
So change it up.
We've got the read more.
OK.
So now I'll move on to the sidebar.
So there's no strings to translate in.
So move down to the single lockpick HP.
And take a look at that's what the dynamic at all.
I think going we need to do the category.
Scroll up further down.
We've got the error message.
So are the text main into there.
So that has pretty much finished the response to actually go to the functions page because we did add
some strings into there.
We had our feature techs function till just one or two strings need to change in there.
So I do exactly the same.
The text I mean I forgot to copy this one.
So I'll paste on one in just below.
I could do the same for the browsing text.
So I'll paste it in.
And then just one or two more at the bottom.
And because this one's got formatting we're gonna actually leave that undo and the next video.
When I do that in a slightly different way.
So I think that it for all the text rings so I'll save that page.
So when we download the software to make this translatable later on we should get all these tech strings
available to translate.
So that's it for all of the text strings.
But if the text is part of a function we need to do it in a slightly different way.
And if he jeimy in the next video I'll show you how to do that.